hey guys what's up um i did a video of
all my fishing lures of like a year or
two ago and um I thought big cool idea
to do another one since I got new stuff
and everything and to tell you all about
something oh oh and I got a new camera
for Christmas so you know while since i
made a video ok alright whole new setup
like this thing was jam-packed with a
bunch of crap i didn't even use I got a
gift card a forty dollar gift card from
my grandpa for dick's sporting goods for
Christmas and my step grandma and I got
a few new things bunch of Apollo lures
one of the first lures I got was this
shad rap not shad rap a minaret that's a
shame um mineral rap and haven't got to
fish because it's still freezing out and
there's
layer of ice over the pond the next one
I got is a lipless crankbait the it's
called a clock and wrap and for a lake
allatoona this color looks dang it
additional sharp hooks good hopes for
Lake Allatoona and this color looks
perfect it's yellow perch but that color
is just awesome for like Dalton another
where I got wasn't really recent but you
can see the tails kind of jacked up and
everything and the hooks are kind of
broken because I made the mistake by
putting this awesome lure in my backpack
it wasn't in a bag or anything and got
stuck in it and it broke after pulling
on another lure I really want to fish is
the original minnow this is the four to
six foot death that floating minnow you
can't really beat the original thing of
course when it swims it gives that flash
in the water and so that's just a really
cool uber I got the smaller version and
it works awesome for panfish and crappy
small bass Mary think so really looking
forward to fishing that something I
doubt yesterday was this swimming jig
and which is really cool because jigs
work really well in the pond and lake
allatoona but I really don't like to
fish anything slow so this is a jig that
just kinda is on the move you attach
like a grub to it a swirl tail grub and
swim it so really really cool another
jig
and say it's just a little bug jig
modified the skirt and kind of messed it
up a little I think it's called a bit
seat bug or something strike king makes
it I believe I'm not sure got that got a
bunch of roadrunner jigs for like four
bucks for exhaustion so those better
work I got these for the roadrunner
Jake's the Gary Yamamoto ICO's tiny aika
that can focus in on it okay and while I
got those put a bunch of loose lures in
the bags are some brush hogs some flutes
and another one is that's awesome are
these green pumpkin zoom finesse worms I
forget what size these are but they're
awesome Texas rid of these or just wait
with Texas rig just bring it offset
hugging them so i'm going to these work
really really well so got anything of
those got some flutes and the boat
Nightcrawler i'll set it and use wizard
brush hogs
and you say they turn out my organized
and some power bait keep your eyes
alright so that's basically all the new
stuff of course got the band-aids for
one get a hook pulled through my finger
oh so yeah pretty cool got all the loose
hooks not some random gigs in there some
swimming swim baits flies little bobbers
so yep that's them all right over here
there's new lawyer I got it's that I
tied on a little spoon little rooster
tail spoon I think that's what's called
not sure fishing these up in Alabama
work I mean over now on bama works
really really well any wounded bait fish
i was using am an old spinnerbait just
kind of jigging that and thought some
bass off that in the winter and yeah so
so those are my Lords I hope you enjoyed
the video definitely going to get some
fishing videos of the summer there's
actually a new account me
berzerk sleeper and Caterpillar draft
made like a couple years ago which is
kind of faded I don't know if they're
still going to do it or anything but
it's a fishing channel and so any
fishing videos who have we're going to
put up put up there
so ya know to subscribe to the three
fishers i'll have the link posted and
beast just description box so i'll poke
along enjoyed the video thank you for
watching see